README.md, before:

---
description: Just a test, ignore this
cover: .gitbook/assets/MinoltaGlassBg.png
coverY: 142.95148936170213
layout:
  cover:
    visible: true
    size: full
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Index

***

## Minoltopedia

## [Website Resource Index](index/website-resource-index.md)

This covers all the best resources you could need to read up, learn, troubleshoot, or for repairing Minolta gear. These will be constantly updated as more are found or created.

## [Fairly Frequently Asked Questions](index/fairly-frequently-asked-questions.md)

I see many questions asked fairly frequently in various analog communities involving Minolta, so there's now a separate "FFAQ's" section. Search the Table of Contents on the top of the page to see if you have a long-standing question answered, or learn something new!

## [Guides to Minolta](index/guides.md)

This is work in progress, but includes guides summarised from some of the website resource index. All guides' resources are cited directly so you can follow up with details from the original sites and authors.

***

## The Wiki needs YOU as a contributor!

If **you** think something could be added, send a Modmail to r/minolta or r/MinoltaGang with the site or webpage you found! If it gets included, you'll be credited as a contributor and rewarded with the :WikiContributor: user flair!

***

Commit message:

GITBOOK-4: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

README.md, after:

---
description: Click the Topics below and get reading!
cover: .gitbook/assets/MinoltaGlassBg.png
coverY: 142.95148936170213
layout:
  cover:
    visible: true
    size: full
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Index

***

## Minoltopedia

## [Website Resource Index](index/website-resource-index.md)

This covers all the best resources you could need to read up, learn, troubleshoot, or for repairing Minolta gear. These will be constantly updated as more are found or created.

## [Fairly Frequently Asked Questions](index/fairly-frequently-asked-questions.md)

I see many questions asked fairly frequently in various analog communities involving Minolta, so there's now a separate "FFAQ's" section. Search the Table of Contents on the top of the page to see if you have a long-standing question answered, or learn something new!

## [Guides to Minolta](index/guides.md)

This is work in progress, but includes guides summarised from some of the Website Resource Index. All guides' resources are cited directly so you can follow up with details from the original sites and authors.

***

## The Wiki needs YOU as a contributor!

If **you** think something could be added, send a Modmail to r/minolta or r/MinoltaGang with the site or webpage you found, or go to the githib link and make a push request! All contributors are credited appropriately.

***
